Git Flow
-----------
MOre complicated than normal feture branch master branch Flow
Two branches store history of the project - Master and Develop
Features reside in their own branches 
similarly hot fixes have their own branch.. Once Hot fixes are done, it is merged into develop and master  
We create a Release brnach when we have a release. 
From there on, any fixes go into Release directly and then they get merged into develop branch. Then release is made from release branch

1. FIrst we create a repo with master brnach. Then we checkout from master to create a develop brnach
2. From develop we create feature branches. We work on feature branch
and we eventually check into develop branch
3. At some point, when we need to release code, we checkout from develop to create a release branch
Once release branch is created, we make changes on to release branch
4. Finally code from release goes live, changes from release get checked into master and develop  

Gitflow is basically a set of scripts extending git. We can also use git commands but these scripts make it easier to do git flow stuff


Setting up a repo for git flow:

create a dirctory flow

    mkdir flow

    cd flow

    git init

    git flow init

This will ask few questions and u will be develop branch

create a repo from web and get the clone url 

git checkout master

git remote add origin git@git.com:msmslmcs

 git push -u origin

 git checkout develop

git push origin develop

refresh browser to see

Creating and Using Feature Branches 
---------------------------------------
1. Creating Feature branch
Feature Branch: A feature branch is a place where a specific piece of work gets done

Fbs are smaller compared to develop branch and are easy to Tracking
Easy to merge with develop branch with less or no conflicts
With out fbs, difficult to backoit changes and to expirement different diff solution approaches

 Feature branch flow

 O---O---O---O---O---O--    ---------> Master Branch
      \            /
       \---O--O---/         ---------> Feature Branch

ex: git flow feature start feature-bim-migration
ex: git flow feature finish feature-bim-migration

help: git flow feature help

For review:

git flow feature track feature-bim-migration

-----------------

 Release:mostly lead creates release branch. FROM DEVELOP BRANCH
 git flow release start release-sprint1

This creates a branch release/release-sprint1 in local
For others to use (to make it avaialble remotely)-
 git flow release publish release-sprint1


--------------------
others have to do below
git flow release track release-sprint1

 







3. Sharing fb or Pushing the fb to central repo. 


4. Tracking other fbs


5. oThers









